makes minor revs to ops setup + adds ssh install (#187)
codefellows/setup-guide: ops-setup/3-rdp-config.md

Adjust settings for RDP (Remote Desktop Protocol). These steps will make your remote-connection sessions easier.

> >  N.B. Some of these commands run silently! If they execute successfully they will not return anything to the screen. If they fail then you should receive an error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  Note: Some of these commands run silently! If they execute successfully they will not return anything to the screen. If they fail then you should receive an error message.
```
